README.md, before:

# The Repository of the Manuscript* "Generating a reliability scale for clinical brain activity test scores based on medical scans and demographic data"
*Submitted to an SCIE journal and under review.
|name|value|
|--:|:--|
|short name|**DUCF**|
|title|Generating a reliability scale for clinical brain activity test scores based on medical scans and demographic data|
|authors|[Savas Okyay](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-3955-6324) and [Nihat Adar](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-0555-0701)|

## General Info
This repository contains the supplementary material of the manuscript "_Generating a reliability scale for clinical brain activity test scores based on medical scans and demographic data_" by [_Savas Okyay_](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-3955-6324) and [_Nihat Adar_](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-0555-0701).

|Author|_e_-mail|Affiliation|
|:----:|:----:|:----------|
|Savas Okyay^1,2^|osavas@ogu.edu.tr|^1^Eskisehir Osmangazi University, Computer Engineering Dept., Eskisehir, Turkey|
|||^2^Eskisehir Technical University, Computer Engineering Dept., Eskisehir, Turkey|
|Nihat Adar^1^|nadar@ogu.edu.tr|^1^Eskisehir Osmangazi University, Computer Engineering Dept., Eskisehir, Turkey|

##### Abstract
Medical doctors may struggle to diagnose dementia, especially when clinical test scores are incorrect or missing. In case of any doubts, MRI analysis becomes more decisive. Erroneous decisions might be produced by visual inspection afterward. Therefore, demographics and morphometrics both are crucial considering the examination of dementia in medicine. This study aims to impute and verify clinical test scores with MRI analysis and additional demographics, thereby proposing a decision support system that enables the use of this information in an easy-to-understand way. To that end, we do validate the imputation of clinical test score values by unsupervised dementia-related user-based collaborative filtering in terms of minimizing errors. According to the succession rates, we propose a reliability scale that can be utilized for the consistency of clinical test scores. Moreover, detailed parameters in use, such as the best neighborhood, input features, are evaluated for further analysis in a comparative manner. Having employed keyword-triggered normalization approaches to the data, the complete base 816 ADNI1-Screening samples are processed, and a hybrid set of 603 features is handled in various forms. Multiple results depending on test configurations are interpreted from a broad perspective. Overall, certain collaborative filtering configurations outperform the alternative state-of-the-art imputation techniques. The reliability scale based on the proposed methodology is promising for the control of clinical tests.

##### Keywords
Clinical test scores, Dementia, Imputation, Incomplete data, Missing values, Reliability scale, User-based collaborative filtering.

Commit message:

Simplified source code
Simplified source code from the local repository (v2.1.218) was added to the online repository for the manuscript review process.

README.md, after:

# The Repository of the Manuscript* "Generating a reliability scale for clinical brain activity test scores based on medical scans and demographic data"
*Submitted to an SCIE journal and under review.
|name|value|
|--:|:--|
|short name|**DUCF**|
|title|Generating a reliability scale for clinical brain activity test scores based on medical scans and demographic data|
|authors|[Savas Okyay](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-3955-6324) and [Nihat Adar](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-0555-0701)|
|journal|<TBC>|
|_submitted on_|December 31, 2021|

## General Info
This repository contains the supplementary material of the manuscript "_Generating a reliability scale for clinical brain activity test scores based on medical scans and demographic data_" by [_Savas Okyay_](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-3955-6324) and [_Nihat Adar_](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-0555-0701).

|Author|_e_-mail|Affiliation|
|:----:|:----:|:----------|
|Savas Okyay|osavas@ogu.edu.tr|(1) Eskisehir Osmangazi University, Computer Engineering Dept., Eskisehir, Turkey|
|||(2) Eskisehir Technical University, Computer Engineering Dept., Eskisehir, Turkey|
|Nihat Adar|nadar@ogu.edu.tr|(1)Eskisehir Osmangazi University, Computer Engineering Dept., Eskisehir, Turkey|

**You can only view the code, but not debug it properly**. Since the raw or preprocessed dataset cannot be shared due to copyright. You can access the raw brain scans at [ADNI Access Data](http://adni.loni.usc.edu/data-samples/access-data/) webpage. If you want to understand how the code works, you can create a random matrix having the name "mtrxData" with the corresponding size.

##### Abstract
Medical doctors may struggle to diagnose dementia, especially when clinical test scores are incorrect or missing. In case of any doubts, MRI analysis becomes more decisive. Erroneous decisions might be produced by visual inspection afterward. Therefore, demographics and morphometrics both are crucial considering the examination of dementia in medicine. This study aims to impute and verify clinical test scores with MRI analysis and additional demographics, thereby proposing a decision support system that enables the use of this information in an easy-to-understand way. To that end, we do validate the imputation of clinical test score values by unsupervised dementia-related user-based collaborative filtering in terms of minimizing errors. According to the succession rates, we propose a reliability scale that can be utilized for the consistency of clinical test scores. Moreover, detailed parameters in use, such as the best neighborhood, input features, are evaluated for further analysis in a comparative manner. Having employed keyword-triggered normalization approaches to the data, the complete base 816 ADNI1-Screening samples are processed, and a hybrid set of 603 features is handled in various forms. Multiple results depending on test configurations are interpreted from a broad perspective. Overall, certain collaborative filtering configurations outperform the alternative state-of-the-art imputation techniques. The reliability scale based on the proposed methodology is promising for the control of clinical tests.

##### Keywords
Clinical test scores, Dementia, Imputation, Incomplete data, Missing values, Reliability scale, User-based collaborative filtering.
